CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing to Doppler
=======================

Doppler is work of [many people](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/graphs/contributors). You're encouraged to submit [pull requests](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/pulls), [propose features and discuss issues](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/issues).

#### Fork the Project

Fork the [project on Github](https://github.com/artsy/doppler) and check out your copy.

```
git clone https://github.com/contributor/doppler.git
cd doppler
git remote add upstream https://github.com/artsy/doppler.git
```

#### Create a Topic Branch

Make sure your fork is up-to-date and create a topic branch for your feature or bug fix.

```
git checkout master
git pull upstream master
git checkout -b my-feature-branch
```

#### Bundle Install and Test

Ensure that you can build the project and run tests.

```
bundle install
bundle exec rake
```

#### Run Doppler

You can run Doppler against an Artsy production environment, however we recommend playing with [staging](https://stagingapi.artsy.net). Please note that staging is rebuilt weekly and does not have 100% uptime. Staging has a copy of production data, so if you create a user or an application in production on artsy.net, it will be made available in staging in 7 days. Please also note that staging doesn't send e-mail, so some features may not work.

To run Doppler you need a client ID and secret, which you can obtain from [developers-staging.artsy.net](https://developers-staging.artsy.net). Please note that staging is rebuilt daily, so all your test data will be lost.

Create a `.env` file.

```
ARTSY_API_URL=https://stagingapi.artsy.net
ARTSY_API_CLIENT_ID=...
ARTSY_API_CLIENT_SECRET=...
```

Run `foreman start`.

Navigate to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

#### Write Tests

Try to write a test that reproduces the problem you're trying to fix or describes a feature that you want to build. Add to [spec/features](spec/features).

We definitely appreciate pull requests that highlight or reproduce a problem, even without a fix.

#### Write Code

Implement your feature or bug fix.

Ruby style is enforced with [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop), run `bundle exec rubocop` and fix any style issues highlighted.

Make sure that `bundle exec rake` completes without errors.

#### Commit Changes

Make sure git knows your name and email address:

```
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user.email "contributor@example.com"
```

Writing good commit logs is important. A commit log should describe what changed and why.

```
git add ...
git commit
```

#### Push

```
git push origin my-feature-branch
```

#### Make a Pull Request

Go to https://github.com/contributor/doppler and select your feature branch. Click the 'Pull Request' button and fill out the form. Pull requests are usually reviewed within a few days.

#### Rebase

If you've been working on a change for a while, rebase with upstream/master.

```
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/master
git push origin my-feature-branch -f
```

We like neat commits, please try to amend your previous commits and force push the changes.

```
git commit --amend
git push origin my-feature-branch -f
```

#### Check on Your Pull Request

Go back to your pull request after a few minutes and see whether it passed muster with Travis-CI. Everything should look green, otherwise fix issues and amend your commit as described above.

#### Be Patient

It's likely that your change will not be merged and that the nitpicky maintainers will ask you to do more, or fix seemingly benign problems. Hang on there!

#### Thank You

Please do know that we really appreciate and value your time and work. We love you, really.

Commit message:

add bid + bidder position documentation bump ruby version 2.3.0 => 2.3.1 use chromedriver + document selenium sales and bidders documentation

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing to Doppler
=======================

Doppler is work of [many people](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/graphs/contributors). You're encouraged to submit [pull requests](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/pulls), [propose features and discuss issues](https://github.com/artsy/doppler/issues).

#### Fork the Project

Fork the [project on Github](https://github.com/artsy/doppler) and check out your copy.

```
git clone https://github.com/contributor/doppler.git
cd doppler
git remote add upstream https://github.com/artsy/doppler.git
```

#### Create a Topic Branch

Make sure your fork is up-to-date and create a topic branch for your feature or bug fix.

```
git checkout master
git pull upstream master
git checkout -b my-feature-branch
```

#### Bundle Install and Test

Ensure that you can build the project and run tests.

_Note_: Modern Firefox support for selenium-webdriver is [troubled as of January 2017](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara/issues/1710), so Selenium tests instead run with chromedriver. Prior to executing tests install chromedriver (available via `brew` on OSX).

A compatible older version of Firefox is availble [here](https://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/firefox/releases/45.3.0esr/mac/en-US/).

```
bundle install
bundle exec rake
```

#### Run Doppler

You can run Doppler against an Artsy production environment, however we recommend playing with [staging](https://stagingapi.artsy.net). Please note that staging is rebuilt weekly and does not have 100% uptime. Staging has a copy of production data, so if you create a user or an application in production on artsy.net, it will be made available in staging in 7 days. Please also note that staging doesn't send e-mail, so some features may not work.

To run Doppler you need a client ID and secret, which you can obtain from [developers-staging.artsy.net](https://developers-staging.artsy.net). Please note that staging is rebuilt daily, so all your test data will be lost.

Create a `.env` file.

```
ARTSY_API_URL=https://stagingapi.artsy.net
ARTSY_API_CLIENT_ID=...
ARTSY_API_CLIENT_SECRET=...
```

Run `foreman start`.

Navigate to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

#### Write Tests

Try to write a test that reproduces the problem you're trying to fix or describes a feature that you want to build. Add to [spec/features](spec/features).

We definitely appreciate pull requests that highlight or reproduce a problem, even without a fix.

#### Write Code

Implement your feature or bug fix.

Ruby style is enforced with [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop), run `bundle exec rubocop` and fix any style issues highlighted.

Make sure that `bundle exec rake` completes without errors.

#### Commit Changes

Make sure git knows your name and email address:

```
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user.email "contributor@example.com"
```

Writing good commit logs is important. A commit log should describe what changed and why.

```
git add ...
git commit
```

#### Push

```
git push origin my-feature-branch
```

#### Make a Pull Request

Go to https://github.com/contributor/doppler and select your feature branch. Click the 'Pull Request' button and fill out the form. Pull requests are usually reviewed within a few days.

#### Rebase

If you've been working on a change for a while, rebase with upstream/master.

```
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/master
git push origin my-feature-branch -f
```

We like neat commits, please try to amend your previous commits and force push the changes.

```
git commit --amend
git push origin my-feature-branch -f
```

#### Check on Your Pull Request

Go back to your pull request after a few minutes and see whether it passed muster with Travis-CI. Everything should look green, otherwise fix issues and amend your commit as described above.

#### Be Patient

It's likely that your change will not be merged and that the nitpicky maintainers will ask you to do more, or fix seemingly benign problems. Hang on there!

#### Thank You

Please do know that we really appreciate and value your time and work. We love you, really.
