app/views/content/docs/partners.md, before:

[Documentation](/docs) &gt; Resources &gt; Partners

## Partners API

A partner provides [artworks](/docs/artworks).

#### Retrieving Partners

Retrieve partners by following the [partners](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners) link from [root](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}).

```
curl -v "#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners" -H "X-XAPP-Token:#{xapp_token}"
```

The response is a [paginated result](/docs/pagination) with embedded partners.

#### Retrieving a Partner

Users can retrieve a specific partner by ID by rendering the "partner" link template from [root](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}).

```
curl -v "#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners/{id}" -H "X-XAPP-Token:#{xapp_token}"
```

## Partner JSON Format

#{modelref://Partner}

#### Links

Key        | Target                                          |
----------:|:------------------------------------------------|
self       | The partner resource.                           |
profile    | Partner [profile](/docs/profiles).              |
permalink  | An external location on the artsy.net website.  |
website    | Official website.                               |
artworks   | Partner [artworks](/docs/artworks).             |
shows      | Partner [shows](/docs/shows).                   |

#### Example

``` json
#{resource://partner/id=4f99c7b793ab4b0001000179}
```

Commit message:

Documented partner API accepts user_id to determine partner access.

app/views/content/docs/partners.md, after:

[Documentation](/docs) &gt; Resources &gt; Partners

## Partners API

A partner provides [artworks](/docs/artworks).

#### Retrieving Partners

Retrieve partners by following the [partners](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners) link from [root](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}).

```
curl -v "#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners" -H "X-XAPP-Token:#{xapp_token}"
```

This endpoint accepts the following parameters.

Name       | Value                                                                                     |
----------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
user_id    | Retrieve partners that a [user](/docs/users) has access to.                               |
partner_id | Combine with 'user_id' to check whether a [user](/docs/users) has access to this partner. |

The response is a [paginated result](/docs/pagination) with embedded partners.

#### Retrieving a Partner

Users can retrieve a specific partner by ID by rendering the "partner" link template from [root](#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}).

```
curl -v "#{ArtsyAPI.artsy_api_root}/partners/{id}" -H "X-XAPP-Token:#{xapp_token}"
```

## Partner JSON Format

#{modelref://Partner}

#### Links

Key        | Target                                          |
----------:|:------------------------------------------------|
self       | The partner resource.                           |
profile    | Partner [profile](/docs/profiles).              |
permalink  | An external location on the artsy.net website.  |
website    | Official website.                               |
artworks   | Partner [artworks](/docs/artworks).             |
shows      | Partner [shows](/docs/shows).                   |

#### Example

``` json
#{resource://partner/id=4f99c7b793ab4b0001000179}
```
